mcuboot: Added support for NET core serial recovery when CONFIG_NRF_MULTI_IMAGE_UPDATE=n (#8050)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_uart/README.rst

   * The boards ``nrf52dk_nrf52810``, ``nrf52840dk_nrf52811``, and ``nrf52833dk_nrf52820`` only support the `Minimal sample variant`_.
   * When used with :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340`, the sample supports the MCUboot bootloader with serial recovery and SMP DFU over Bluetooth.
     Thingy:53 has no built-in SEGGER chip, so the UART 0 peripheral is not gated to a USB CDC virtual serial port.

>    * When used with :ref:`zephyr:nrf5340dk_nrf5340`, the sample might supports the MCUboot bootloader with serial recovery of the networking
>      core image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * When used with :ref:`zephyr:nrf5340dk_nrf5340`, the sample might support the MCUboot bootloader with serial recovery of the networking core image.
```

   The module requires the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_NUS_UART_ASYNC_ADAPTER` to be set to ``y``.
   For more information about the adapter, see the :file:`uart_async_adapter` source files available in the :file:`peripheral_uart/src` directory.

MCUboot with serial recovery of the networking core image
=========================================================

> For the ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` it is possible to enable serial recovery of the network core while multi-image update is not enabled in the MCUboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp``, it is possible to enable serial recovery of the network core while multi-image update is not enabled in the MCUboot.
```

> See :ref:`peripheral_uart_sample_activating_variants` for details about how to build the sample with this feature using the :file:`nrf5340dk_app_sr_net.conf`
> and the :file:`nrf5340dk_mcuboot_sr_net.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`peripheral_uart_sample_activating_variants` for details on how to build the sample with this feature using the :file:`nrf5340dk_app_sr_net.conf` and :file:`nrf5340dk_mcuboot_sr_net.conf` files.
```

* For the minimal build variant, set :file:`prj_minimal.conf`.
* For the USB CDC ACM extension, set :file:`prj_cdc.conf`.
  Additionally, you need to set :makevar:`DTC_OVERLAY_FILE` to :file:`usb.overlay`.

> * For the MCUboot with serial recovery of the networking core image feature, set :file:`nrf5340dk_app_sr_net.conf`.
>   Additinally, you need to set :makevar:`mcuboot_OVERLAY_CONFIG` to :file:`nrf5340dk_mcuboot_sr_net.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For the MCUboot with serial recovery of the networking core image feature, set the :file:`nrf5340dk_app_sr_net.conf` file.
  You also need to set the :makevar:`mcuboot_OVERLAY_CONFIG` variant to :file:`nrf5340dk_mcuboot_sr_net.conf`.
```
